README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

📝docs(README.md): add readme details

README.md, after:

This is a Final Exam of **Frontend programming (IN403101)**

## Getting Started
First, run the development server: (i'm using pnpm)

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Run at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) 

## Tech Stack
<div align="left">
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/material_ui.png" alt="Material UI" title="Material UI"/></code>
    <code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/visual_studio_code.png" alt="Visual Studio Code" title="Visual Studio Code"/></code>
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/postman.png" alt="Postman" title="Postman"/></code>
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/tailwind_css.png" alt="Tailwind CSS" title="Tailwind CSS"/></code>
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/react.png" alt="React" title="React"/></code>
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/typescript.png" alt="TypeScript" title="TypeScript"/></code>
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/node_js.png" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js"/></code>
	<code><img width="50" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/next_js.png" alt="Next.js" title="Next.js"/></code>
</div>



## Project Preview

## Developer
**Chaiyut**
